Our project is Java online with this, so we are going to create one which platform for university level
basic or you can create with for students and teachers in module you can consider like that.
So we are going to create one on language design with the backend written in the Java.
So it's very useful to understand this box.
So Java, but to do this project is based on JTBC Jospeh Java, so networks are already planning.
So I'm considering when you go back in.
But I mentioned Java slowly and so our deployment, I'm consider this.
So we are going to create an online quiz system at the university level with using a GSP as a main backing
with the help of Java Servlet, also we are going to use we are going to connect with the database and
we are going to finally deploy on the server.
So I'm going to consider here only and we project here.
There are different libraries inside and written on Java or different applications like Java.
Like you can use Gradle, you can go with a machine on Zoom.
So these are some famous O frameworks in changeovers pretty much like that.
But I'm going to consider only the end project because it's a very simple, basic and easier to understand
than other frameworks.
Even though it's very basic thing, but it is a very helpful and essential or gigantic effect duplex
or and the project to create some online system from scratch.
So before proceeding with the project, I'm going to tell you you should have some basic knowledge about
Java classes and methods, then about some knowledge of Java so and basic condition.
But this is all about the back and part.
In the other part, I'm going to learn how we can create frontend and everything.
So let's see how we can create or we can proceed with our project.
So our project team is basically developer web using Java for this platform at the university level
events examination with the help of Java.
So let's just be duly so Java on their GCP jtbc out of the main backend part of our project.
But.
These are mean part I'm going to do.
This is basically a Republican state, software development is listed projects that we are going to
set about logic, then understanding what we are going to use your different tools, we are going to
use your son I.D. then duplicate and some sort of work part also.
So we are going to understand how basically they are going to work here.
Then just the basics.
You should not just be basics.
I'm not going to tell like you should learn through thoroughly from this, but you should know some
basic part of GSP.
Then basics of databases like my ask a lot of Oracle.
You can use your.
So how we can create databases, then creation of stable, then invoking and inserting into the table.
So basic knowledge about database relational database.
I'm considering it Java.
So you'd use your connection.
You should know basic part of Java development and use your connections and deployment on the server.
So these are the some steps of our development.
But before that, I'm going to tell how we get to see living in the projects before proceeding this
object.
We should know about the basic outline.
So we are only two users here, which is basically posters, teachers and students.
So teachers are basically admin roles I'm considering who has the right to change questions, then see
the student leads and then publish them the results and exit Brexit.
Second thing, which are basically student students, are going to attempt their quiz.
They can see their marks and some results so you can create some advanced things which apply for each
teacher will get notifications or remind the commission for that like the question or answer is wrong.
So I'm considering here only the in-situ level or multiple choice questions here because I handling
multiple choice questions with the DSP is very easy or we can specify and we can get precise marking
system inside that.
For advanced things, you can create some long questions like, um, brief questions or two to learn
questions, you can add in into that, but it takes more time to deploy with the server or deploy with
the database.
And according to that, you have to change the relational database and relational tables also ensure
database.
So application requirements, I'm going to tell First Dollar program, we need to display all the web
contents inside the Java program.
So these are the Java programs only, but with the late and some JS few items, then Java program basic
knowledge.
You should have Java program basic knowledge classes, methods, the parameters attributes what is the
public and difference between public and private, then whom we are going to create static things here.
Then basic concepts of fiscal dispute basics, I'm going to tell the basics inside these walls.
But if you know the basics, the understanding of this, this project is become very easy to understand.
Then for these all over the back end, but what about the front end part of the front end part?
I'm going to use your estimates, CSIS basically with the help of Bootstrap.
Also, I'm going to create your better you.
So consider this I'm not going to develop a stimulant users front end from scratch.
I'm going to use some radiometer to see if this is available on the internet or no.
I already created for the different projects.
Plus, I'm going to use your remote bootstrap programs, which are already freely available on bootstrap
platform to deploy on our planet in part.
Because creating from the skies, it's very difficult for due to time constraint.
Also, we are not focusing on the front end part of our project.
We are mostly focused on our back partner and developing the Java program for liquids system with little
disconnection also.
So we are considering here both are two use cases.
Ermey instruments admit that basically teachers and consulting as the admin of our website or way.
So there should be two longing for teachers also and students also to learn how to first register and
then go and mingle.
Now some privileges to change their parts and everything for admin or teachers.
We have to do some administrative actions like active Christians, then search for children, etc.,
etc. Also then they have to build options like registered log in tweets, submit and students, which
are basically non administrative actions on these platforms.
If you see I have seen some of these platforms online, you can choose or content of that out and you
can develop your own peace platform according to that.
So we are going to require this duly given pointed.
So I am considering here only JDK 1.8, which provides Java eight Virgin Enterprise Edition vision for
the Web develop deployment.
So this is very old yet again concerning, but it's very effective.
And finally, with without any bugs or errors.
So I am considering this only then it.
I'm going to use your name means you can choose or any other famous idea like eclipse English idea you
can consider.
But creating with the it means it's very easy as I'm going to you.
Judy Garland pointed Java EE Virgin and is very useful for the web deployment.
What a lot of my school database.
You can choose both, though, as your databases, but with Oracle.
You going to choose my school, but you have to specify all things in my school.
So Oracle using Oracle is very easy.
You can choose or blast free server for deployment or tomkinson or deployment.
Remember, intended to Tomcat server, you can change your attitude.
You report exit rate settings, but remember or don't get over, let it stay on guard.
Server only supports Java, so when according to that, your opportunity can everything.
So I'm going to what I'm going to use blast this server, but I told you how I will tell also how we
can change our port and exit inside.
And follow what I call.
I'm going for the database.
I'm going to use your arrival database and you can easily downloaded from the official website Oracle
19, so you can see where you are.
So this is all about the application requirements of our project.
So these are some basic things we required for our project before proceeding with the project.
Let us see how we can.
Set up a little project was.
So as you can see, I already created everything.
But I will tell you from the scratch.
So let us see how we can create it from the scratch.
So go to the file first and create a new project regardless of who you have created any other project.
We'll do fine, create a new project, then go to the Java.
And there you can see there are different applications like delamanid, which is basically the advance
team for the Java to map different projects you can create with Java Gradle.
But I'm going to with, going with and.
Then you can see the various options here, Java effects, then go of him to consider the web and click
next.
Then new, the project name, then project location and project folder, you can choose this October.
I'm not going to choose this part because it will automatically create one library violence on the next.
Then, before proceeding, you are to specify the service and settings.
So I'm choosing over the last few server to meet with Java eight.
If you don't downloaded it, click and then it will show you the downloading page for that and you can
create some context.
But I will change according to your project next and create an interior finish.
I'm not going to click here or finish because I already created one project for that purpose new route.
I am concerned.
So you can see in this instrument, it's very basic in the human.
I already created one another in the instrument for my purpose.
So you can see room created on really individual textural pages pages here.
So once you download it, you can go to our tools here and you can choose the server part.
So you can see this issue.
You Gillespie Server I two words for the issue to report in your clipboard.
This might be different for your purpose.
Once you go to the this part, you can see the one dialog box opens when you click the server part.
So you can see the STEVE report is basically a before your case.
But I will tell you how we can change that or.
So let us see how we can change that.
So first, go to your glass fish server platform, basically.
So we'll wait for the diagnosis so you can go to your C drug users and go to your default name, then
go to the blast server, then go to the Google Glass fish.
That config finder and we'll be the domains, then your default domain, then go to the config and check
for them.
Booming, not extremely failure, and open it with your default $482 default screen, you can also use
the notepad also.
So we are going to change that a little bit.
But for your default on.
What basically your default for this duty in my guess, I already changed to 2002.
So you can see one lane that network using it.
I will show you once again I will show you inside that thing.
So.
But defaulting is your order, oh, and gender to.
You're you're in your case, you can change it to the different thing.
Also.
Like, I already changed to the or 2002.
As you can see.
As you can see, I already changed to the.
2002, but in your case, you should be at Ginger to 2000.
So this is a very important step for this purpose.
It should be located inside the dome interdiction and only on these very important state for creating
or basically creating basic outline for our project.
So let us see how we can go through this.
So this is a basic GSP program we are going to create here.
So before proceeding the project, I'm going to tell you some
more part about how we can create this so you can choose this.
And so this is very basic.
I'm choosing for some bootstrap jury programs here already.
So these are some remote files, if you read this part, you can see in the remote files of our project
also, these are the lurid excuses and everything.
So news, the navigation button, everything I choose, then I use this image, then I would.
This will come to our platform online examination system with some information with Basic based on Java
project I created.
Then I created one I container and everything.
So these are some basic things I use yet.
So to use these things, what you are going to do is very simple.
You are going to create.
Just inside your project, if you are using which means it will do online, then with that project or
project folder, then go to the web and you can see the web.
Yeah, any individual instrument.
So just copy paste these all things and you are going to use your access, then bootstrap.
Then I'm going to mean to not just for yes, but then some logos part here.
So these are all about how we can proceed with our project for the time constraint.
I already created this in with admin log in and shoot and log in.
You can change your to the features, log in here also and extend everything.
So in the next two days, I'm going to tell you how we can create with admin log into our speech to
log in at their disposal.
So let us see how we're going to deploy this.
Just click here.
Clean and build.
Once it is done, click run here, so it takes.
Few minutes to deploy on your before.
Project or program, and it will take time to load everything because I'm using some, you know, web
based images, so it will take time.
So as you can see, you can see welcome to our world online grid system.
And so do you basically load empeche for this animation?
I'm considering only like you can see these animations in this animation until your power.
I'm using your bootstrap program here.
So as you can see, I can change these images also to different things, as you can see.
So this is our basic loading part of our G-spot in the next videos or next tutorials, I'm going to
tell you how we got going to produce student log in page in admin log in with the help of GSP.